Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the
bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into
the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or
conversations in it, ‘and what is the use of a book,’ thought Alice
‘without pictures or conversations?

I wonder how many miles I’ve fallen by this time?

Let me see: that would be four thousand miles down, I think--’ (for,
you see, Alice had learnt several things of this sort in her lessons
in the schoolroom, and though this was not a VERY good opportunity for
showing off her knowledge, as there was no one to listen to her, still
it was good practice to say it over) ‘--yes, that’s about the right
distance--but then I wonder what Latitude or Longitude I’ve got to?

Please, Ma’am, is this New Zealand or Australia?

Do you think you could manage it?

But do cats eat bats, I wonder?

And here Alice began to get rather sleepy, and went on saying to
herself, in a dreamy sort of way, ‘Do cats eat bats?

Do cats eat bats?

Do bats eat cats?

She felt that she was dozing off, and had just begun to dream that she
was walking hand in hand with Dinah, and saying to her very earnestly,
‘Now, Dinah, tell me the truth: did you ever eat a bat?

I wonder what I should be like then?

She ate a little bit, and said anxiously to herself, ‘Which way?

Which way?

Oh, my poor little feet, I wonder who will put on your shoes and
stockings for you now, dears?

I wonder if I’ve been changed in the night?

Let me think: was I the same when I got up this morning?

But if I’m not the same, the next question is, Who in the world am I?

I shall only look up and say “Who am I then?

How CAN I have done that?

Would it be of any use, now,’ thought Alice, ‘to speak to this mouse?

So she began: ‘O Mouse, do you know the way out of this pool?

So she began again: ‘Ou est ma chatte?

Would YOU like cats if you were me?

Are you--are you fond--of--of dogs?

Mouse with an important air, ‘are you all ready?

Mouse, frowning, but very politely: ‘Did you speak?

Edwin and Morcar, the earls of Mercia and Northumbria, declared for
him: and even Stigand, the patriotic archbishop of Canterbury, found
it advisable--“’  ‘Found WHAT?

The question is, what did the archbishop find?

But the insolence of his Normans--” How are you getting on now, my
dear?

What IS a Caucus-race?

But who has won?

But who is to give the prizes?

What else have you got in your pocket?

It IS a long tail, certainly,’ said Alice, looking down with wonder at
the Mouse’s tail; ‘but why do you call it sad?

What are you thinking of?

I beg your pardon,’ said Alice very humbly: ‘you had got to the fifth
bend, I think?

And who is Dinah, if I might venture to ask the question?

Where CAN I have dropped them, I wonder?

Very soon the Rabbit noticed Alice, as she went hunting about, and
called out to her in an angry tone, ‘Why, Mary Ann, what ARE you doing
out here?

What WILL become of me?

But then,’ thought Alice, ‘shall I NEVER get any older than I am now?

How can you learn lessons in here?

Where are you?

Now tell me, Pat, what’s that in the window?

Who ever saw one that size?

She waited for some time without hearing anything more: at last came a
rumbling of little cartwheels, and the sound of a good many voices all
talking together: she made out the words: ‘Where’s the other ladder?

Will the roof bear?

Now, who did that?

It was Bill, I fancy--Who’s to go down the chimney?

So Bill’s got to come down the chimney, has he?

Hold up his head--Brandy now--Don’t choke him--How was it, old fellow?

What happened to you?

A barrowful of WHAT?

Let me see--how IS it to be managed?

I suppose I ought to eat or drink something or other; but the great
question is, what?

The great question certainly was, what?

Who are YOU?

What do you mean by that?

Well, perhaps you haven’t found it so yet,’ said Alice; ‘but when you
have to turn into a chrysalis--you will some day, you know--and then
after that into a butterfly, I should think you’ll feel it a little
queer, won’t you?

Who are YOU?

Why?

Is that all?

For some minutes it puffed away without speaking, but at last it
unfolded its arms, took the hookah out of its mouth again, and said,
‘So you think you’re changed, do you?

Can’t remember WHAT things?

Alice folded her hands, and began:--     ‘You are old, Father
William,’ the young man said,     ‘And your hair has become very
white;    And yet you incessantly stand on your head--     Do you
think, at your age, it is right?

You are old,’ said the youth, ‘as I mentioned before,     And have
grown most uncommonly fat;    Yet you turned a back-somersault in at
the door--     Pray, what is the reason of that?

In my youth,’ said the sage, as he shook his grey locks,     ‘I kept
all my limbs very supple    By the use of this ointment--one shilling
the box--     Allow me to sell you a couple?

You are old,’ said the youth, ‘and your jaws are too weak     For
anything tougher than suet;    Yet you finished the goose, with the
bones and the beak--     Pray how did you manage to do it?

You are old,’ said the youth, ‘one would hardly suppose     That your
eye was as steady as ever;    Yet you balanced an eel on the end of
your nose--     What made you so awfully clever?

Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?

What size do you want to be?

Are you content now?

One side of WHAT?

The other side of WHAT?

And now which is which?

What CAN all that green stuff be?

And where HAVE my shoulders got to?

And oh, my poor hands, how is it I can’t see you?

WHAT are you?

This was such a new idea to Alice, that she was quite silent for a
minute or two, which gave the Pigeon the opportunity of adding,
‘You’re looking for eggs, I know THAT well enough; and what does it
matter to me whether you’re a little girl or a serpent?

However, I’ve got back to my right size: the next thing is, to get
into that beautiful garden--how IS that to be done, I wonder?

Please, then,’ said Alice, ‘how am I to get in?

How am I to get in?

How am I to get in?

ARE you to get in at all?

But what am I to do?

Please would you tell me,’ said Alice, a little timidly, for she was
not quite sure whether it was good manners for her to speak first,
‘why your cat grins like that?

Alice glanced rather anxiously at the cook, to see if she meant to
take the hint; but the cook was busily stirring the soup, and seemed
not to be listening, so she went on again: ‘Twenty-four hours, I
THINK; or is it twelve?

IF I don’t take this child away with me,’ thought Alice, ‘they’re sure
to kill it in a day or two: wouldn’t it be murder to leave it behind?

Alice was just beginning to think to herself, ‘Now, what am I to do
with this creature when I get it home?

Would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?

What sort of people live about here?

How do you know I’m mad?

Alice didn’t think that proved it at all; however, she went on ‘And
how do you know that you’re mad?

You grant that?

Do you play croquet with the Queen to-day?

By-the-bye, what became of the baby?

Did you say pig, or fig?

The Hatter opened his eyes very wide on hearing this; but all he SAID
was, ‘Why is a raven like a writing-desk?

Do you mean that you think you can find out the answer to it?

What day of the month is it?

Why should it?

Does YOUR watch tell you what year it is?

Have you guessed the riddle yet?

No, I give it up,’ Alice replied: ‘what’s the answer?

Is that the way YOU manage?

You know the song, perhaps?

Is that the reason so many tea-things are put out here?

Then you keep moving round, I suppose?

But what happens when you come to the beginning again?

Once upon a time there were three little sisters,’ the Dormouse began
in a great hurry; ‘and their names were Elsie, Lacie, and Tillie; and
they lived at the bottom of a well--’  ‘What did they live on?

Alice tried to fancy to herself what such an extraordinary ways of
living would be like, but it puzzled her too much, so she went on:
‘But why did they live at the bottom of a well?

Who’s making personal remarks now?

Why did they live at the bottom of a well?

And so these three little sisters--they were learning to draw, you
know--’  ‘What did they draw?

Where did they draw the treacle from?

You can draw water out of a water-well,’ said the Hatter; ‘so I should
think you could draw treacle out of a treacle-well--eh, stupid?

They were learning to draw,’ the Dormouse went on, yawning and rubbing
its eyes, for it was getting very sleepy; ‘and they drew all manner of
things--everything that begins with an M--’  ‘Why with an M?

Why not?

The Dormouse had closed its eyes by this time, and was going off into
a doze; but, on being pinched by the Hatter, it woke up again with a
little shriek, and went on: ‘--that begins with an M, such as mouse-
traps, and the moon, and memory, and muchness--you know you say things
are “much of a muchness”--did you ever see such a thing as a drawing
of a muchness?

What for?

Would you tell me,’ said Alice, a little timidly, ‘why you are
painting those roses?

Alice was rather doubtful whether she ought not to lie down on her
face like the three gardeners, but she could not remember ever having
heard of such a rule at processions; ‘and besides, what would be the
use of a procession,’ thought she, ‘if people had all to lie down upon
their faces, so that they couldn’t see it?

When the procession came opposite to Alice, they all stopped and
looked at her, and the Queen said severely ‘Who is this?

Queen, tossing her head impatiently; and, turning to Alice, she went
on, ‘What’s your name, child?

And who are THESE?

How should I know?

And then, turning to the rose-tree, she went on, ‘What HAVE you been
doing here?

Are their heads off?

Can you play croquet?

Very,’ said Alice: ‘--where’s the Duchess?

What for?

I said “What for?

Alice began to feel very uneasy: to be sure, she had not as yet had
any dispute with the Queen, but she knew that it might happen any
minute, ‘and then,’ thought she, ‘what would become of me?

How are you getting on?

How do you like the Queen?

Who ARE you talking to?

Shall I try the experiment?

Thinking again?

Then the Queen left off, quite out of breath, and said to Alice, ‘Have
you seen the Mock Turtle yet?

What IS the fun?

What is his sorrow?

The master was an old Turtle--we used to call him Tortoise--’  ‘Why
did you call him Tortoise, if he wasn’t one?

With extras?

And washing?

What was that?

What is it?

You know what to beautify is, I suppose?

Alice did not feel encouraged to ask any more questions about it, so
she turned to the Mock Turtle, and said ‘What else had you to learn?

What was THAT like?

And how many hours a day did you do lessons?

Then the eleventh day must have been a holiday?

And how did you manage on the twelfth?

What sort of a dance is it?

Would you like to see a little of it?

Which shall sing?

So they began solemnly dancing round and round Alice, every now and
then treading on her toes when they passed too close, and waving their
forepaws to mark the time, while the Mock Turtle sang this, very
slowly and sadly:--   ‘“Will you walk a little faster?

They are waiting on the shingle--will you come and join the dance?

Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, will you join the dance?

Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, won’t you join the dance?

What matters it how far we go?

Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, will you join the dance?

Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, won’t you join the dance?

Oh, as to the whiting,’ said the Mock Turtle, ‘they--you’ve seen them,
of course?

Do you know why it’s called a whiting?

Why?

Why, what are YOUR shoes done with?

I mean, what makes them so shiny?

And what are they made of?

Wouldn’t it really?

Of course not,’ said the Mock Turtle: ‘why, if a fish came to ME, and
told me he was going a journey, I should say “With what porpoise?

Don’t you mean “purpose”?

But about his toes?

How COULD he turn them out with his nose, you know?

When the pie was all finished, the Owl, as a boon,   Was kindly
permitted to pocket the spoon:   While the Panther received knife and
fork with a growl,   And concluded the banquet--]  ‘What IS the use of
repeating all that stuff,’ the Mock Turtle interrupted, ‘if you don’t
explain it as you go on?

Shall we try another figure of the Lobster Quadrille?

Or would you like the Mock Turtle to sing you a song?

Sing her “Turtle Soup,” will you, old fellow?

Who for such dainties would not stoop?

Who cares for fish,    Game, or any other dish?

Who would not give all else for two    Pennyworth only of beautiful
Soup?

Pennyworth only of beautiful Soup?

What trial is it?

Who Stole the Tarts?

What are they doing?

When did you begin?

I’m a poor man, your Majesty,’ the Hatter began, in a trembling voice,
‘--and I hadn’t begun my tea--not above a week or so--and what with
the bread-and-butter getting so thin--and the twinkling of the tea--’
‘The twinkling of the what?

Do you take me for a dunce?

After that,’ continued the Hatter, ‘I cut some more bread-and-
butter--’  ‘But what did the Dormouse say?

Well, if I must, I must,’ the King said, with a melancholy air, and,
after folding his arms and frowning at the cook till his eyes were
nearly out of sight, he said in a deep voice, ‘What are tarts made of?

What do you know about this business?

Nothing WHATEVER?

What’s in it?

Who is it directed to?

Are they in the prisoner’s handwriting?

Where shall I begin, please your Majesty?

He sent them word I had not gone     (We know it to be true):    If
she should push the matter on,     What would become of you?

SAID I COULD NOT SWIM--” you can’t swim, can you?

Do I look like it?

Then again--“BEFORE SHE HAD THIS FIT--” you never had fits, my dear, I
think?

Who cares for you?

